Anecdotal fallacy — Using personal experience as evidence.
Appeal to authority — Basing an argument on authority, expertise, or experience.
Appeal to motive — Dismissing an argument due to asserted bias or motives of the proposer.
Appeal to nature — Assuming that something is good because it is 'natural'.
Argument from fallacy — Assuming the conclusion is false because the argument is unsound.
Argument from personal incredulity — Stating that a proposition is false, since it is the conclusion is unimaginable.
Association fallacy — Assuming that association of two parties makes them inherit properties from each other.
Begging the question — Providing the conclusion as premise.
Cherry picking — Suppressing evidence that do not support the particular position.
Correlation proves causation — Assuming that a variable correlating with another variable implies that it is causing it too.
Etymological fallacy — Basing an argument on the historical meaning of a word.
Fallacy of composition — Assuming that some part of a claim is true, therefore the whole claim is true.
Fallacy of relative privation — Dismissing an argument, with the reason of existence of worse conditions.
Fallacy of the beard — Rejecting a claim as imprecise.
False attribution — Basing an argument on an irrelevant, unqualified, unidentified, biased or fabricated source.
False dichotomy — Assuming that two claims are mutually exclusive or the only possible options, while they are not.
False equivalence — Basing an argument on an equivalence which do not exist.
Hasty generalization — Generalizing a claim based on a small sample of evidence.
Historian's fallacy — Assuming that a (historical) person had the same information available.
Masked man fallacy — Illicit substitution of identicals.
Moving the goalposts — Dismissing evidence previously requested, asking for stronger evidence without reason thereof.
Nirvana fallacy — Rejecting a solution, since it is not perfect.
Overwhelming exception — Dismissing counter-arguments by creating exceptions to a prior claim.
Pathos argument — Basing an argument on emotions.
    * Fear mongering — Basing an argument on unsubstantiated fear.
Shifting the burden of proof — Stating something without proof and assuming that the opponent has the obligation to prove it false
Thought-terminating cliché — Using a commonly used phrase without proper reasoning.
argumentum ad hitlereum — Comparing a person to a historical person without proper reasoning.
argumentum ad hominem — Basing an argument on personal criticism of the opponent.
    * ergo decedo — Responding to a criticism by encouraging leaving the group, instead of actually addressing the issue.
    * tu quoque — Basing an argument on the opponent's prior actions or inconsistency.
argumentum ad ignorantiam — Assuming that a claim is true because it has not been proven false.
argumentum ad lapidem — Dismissing an claim as absurd without a proper reason.
argumentum ad populum — Basing an argument on consensus about the conclusion.
    * argumentum ad trumpum — Basing an argument about a given group on the popularity amongst them.
argumentum ex silentio — Concluding based on the absence of evidence, rather than the existence of evidence.
